CHANGELOG 3.1.0 (#126)
uqbar-project/wollok-language: CHANGELOG.md

Currently, the Wollok language does not adhere to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html). 
Hopefully, we will be able to do that in the near future.

## v3.0.4
- We have annotations! 🥳
- New `@Expect` annotation used in validation tests.
- Changes in Wollok Game:

>   - New MutablePosition class, as alternative to default (inmutable) Position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - New MutablePosition class, as alternative to default (immutable) Position.
```

  - Sounds can be played before game starts.

>   - Change method `removeVisual` in game object: does not throws exception if the object is not in the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Change method `removeVisual` in game object: if the object is not in the game it doesn't throw an exception.
```
